fix: Add "Next steps" to React Router quickstart (#1874)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/quickstarts/react-router.mdx

  Visit your app's homepage at [`http://localhost:5173`](http://localhost:5173). Sign up to create your first user.
</Steps>

## Next steps

<Cards>

>   - [Add custom sign up and sign in pages](/docs/references/react-router/custom-signup-signin-pages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Add custom sign-up and sign-in pages](/docs/references/react-router/custom-signup-signin-pages)
```

  - Learn how to add custom sign-up and sign-in pages to your React Router app with Clerk's prebuilt components.

  ---

  - [Read session and user data](/docs/references/react-router/read-session-data)

>   - Learn how to use Clerk's stores and helpers to access the active session and user data in your Astro app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Learn how to use Clerk's hooks and helpers to access the active session and user data in your React Router app.
```
